The Acumulus module connects your Magento store to the Dutch SIEL Acumulus online financial administation and bookkeeping application.
De SIEL Acumulus Integratie module verbindt uw Magento webwinkel met uw online SIEL Acumulus boekhoudpakket.

Long Description:
The Acumulus module connects your Magento store to the Dutch SIEL Acumulus online financial administation and bookkeeping application. It sends your invoice data automatically or via a batch send form to your administration, saving you a lot of manual, error prone work.

SIEL Acumulus is an online bookkeeping system specifically targeted at dutch freelancers, independant workers and 1-man businesses. It allows them to administer all finacial aspects of their business and easily create reports, overviews and tax/vat filings.
NOTE: The SIEL Acumulus Integration module itself is free, but you need a paid subscription for the SIEL Acumulus online application: see https://www.siel.nl/acumulus/proefaccount/. If you don't have one, this component is useless and will not do anything.

This SIEL Acumulus Integration module:

Automatically sends invoice data for your orders from this shop to Acumulus based on order status.
Automatically sends invoice data for your credit memos from this shop to Acumulus upon creation.
Provides a form that allows you to send a batch of invoices for orders or credit memos to Acumulus (e.g. very easy when you just installed this plugin).
Does have 3 admin screens: a settings, advanced settings, and a batch send screen.
Does not in any way interfere with the front-end UI.
This is thus a non-intrusive module that works in the background only alerting you (by email) when problems are encountered.

The Acumulus module:


Reacts to order status changes via actions.
Does have 3 admin screens: a settings, advanced settings, and a batch send screen.
Does not in any way interfere with the front-end UI.
The Acumulus module assumes that you have an account with SIEL Acumulus. If not, this module is useless and will not do anything.

De Acumulus module:
Reageert op bestelstatuswijzigingen middels hooks.
Heeft 3 admin schermen: een configuratie, geavanceerde configuratie en een batchverzendscherm.
Interfereert op geen enkel manier met de front-end gebruikersinterface.

De Acumulus module gaat er vanuit dat u een abonnement heeft op het online SIEL Acumulus boekhoudpakket, anders zal deze module niets doen.

Tags:
Accounting
Acumulus
Bookkeeping
Financial
VirtueMart
HikaShop
WooCommerce

Message to reviewers
This module contains a lib folder with a cross webshop/CMS library. We would
like to install this part as a separate requirement but not all supported
webshop/CMS systems support composer or another way to place external libraries
in (e.g.) the vendor folder. For those webshos/CMS systems that do not allow to
install an external library, the library is added to the install of the module.

BTW: the library can be found on https://github.com/SIELOnline/libAcumulus.

Obviously, this common library part cannot comply with all often conflicting
coding standards and guidelines of all specific webshop and CMS systems that are
supported. We ask for your understanding in this.

To clarify this a bit, this library uses:

 - The PSR-2 coding standards.
 - Phpdoc to fully document each and every part of the code.
 - When needed, its own PSR-4 autoloader to circumvent the fact that many
   webshop/CMS systems still live in the pre PSR4 autoloading era, meaning that
   if an autoloader already exists it often won't work with the PSR4 standard.
 - Its own translation system to present this library in English and Dutch.
 - Its own form builder though rendering is done following the webshop/CMS
   specific guidelines.
 
This library may deviate from specific coding standards in a.o. these ways:

 - Classes are placed in namespaces following the PSR4 structure and may
   therefore need to register its own autoloader function and not use the
   webshop/CMS specific one.
 - Class constants are in StudlyCaps.
 - Class properties are in camelCase.
 - Form definitions are placed in the library and are also rendered/built in
   the library, but do follow form guidelines specific to the webshop/CMS
   package.
 - Translation is done using an own included translation system and is only
   done in Dutch and English. As the online SIEL Acumulus service only targets
   people running a small business in the Netherlands this is not seen as a
   limiting factor.
   
PrestaShop specific: I ran your validator on the PrestaShop specific parts (all
files and folders except the lib folder) and that turned green in all respects.

This module is already used in PrestaShop webshops for several years and has, so
far, been distributed via our own website. However, we now want to progress on
the update part and thus want to integrate with the update features available
via the dashboard.